That is a pretty great work of art.
I don't know who made that, one of your followers there, Kevin?
I think so, but whoever did it, that's I-8-U-P-S-Y.
That coronavirus is getting sliced in half by a samurai who's wearing a mask.
That's great.
Yeah, it's really good.
If we can get that sort of larger on the, well, I mean, probably the way I'm looking at it is small.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, I think it's smaller on your broadcast.
Let me see.
Oh, yeah, I'm on yours now.
Oh, you got the EcoHealth Alliance pulled up too there.
Yeah, yeah.
Because I'm telling you people, nail these people, nail this NPO.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
So so heavenly never be seen see flow so steadily call me supreme lyrics so deadly I'm causing a scene see rhymes incredibly fresh and pristine so so heavenly never be seen see flow so steadily call me supreme lyrics so deadly I'm causing a scene see rhymes incredibly fresh and pristine lyrics I bring make the soul levitate elevate captivate with every block I create meditate
On these palms, I generate, delegate my style Ain't no one can replicate, I bless mics Express hype with finesse, stretch, manifest, smite Dispel night, my quest, write, tight lines, connect minds My effect shines, intertwined, divine rhymes My intellect climbs, respect my
My technique's mean, you can't mess with my scene Cards oh so heavenly, never be seen See flow so steadily, call me supreme Lyrics so deadly, I'm causing a scene See rhymes incredibly, fresh and pristine See Grandmaster, rap faster, I'm blasting ya
Just kill a beast, swarm on the beats, I deliver free shellin' My style is haulin', totin', loadin' lyrics, I'm callin' You know it's explosive, corrosive I'm chosen to be ferocious and leave mics broken Dominant, prominent, compliments my confidence I drop gems in this rhyme, continue on my skills and fit Vans up in the stand, hands infinite I slam gimmicks, my clan's timeless, fam's limitless Shams ridiculous, I'm the lyrical vet You can vet, check the way my tongue moves and raps
so so heavenly never be seen sea flow so steadily call me supreme lyrics so deadly i'm causing a scene sea rhymes incredibly fresh and pristine so so heavenly never be seen sea flow so steadily call me supreme lyrics so deadly i'm causing a scene sea rhymes incredibly fresh and pristine elevated thoughts levitating resonate deeply cleverly demonstrating never hesitating to speak
So so heavenly never be seen see flow so steadily call me supreme Lyrics so deadly.
I'm causing a scene see rhymes include
so so
what is it do you want to do when you grow up is uh this is not the answer that i had given when i was a kid my name is jonathan cooey i'm coming to you live out of pittsburgh pennsylvania and uh i'm the chief biologist of giga ohm biological i put out a news program five days a week
I helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write the Wuhan cover-up book, and after that I was hired by Children's Health Defense and later fired by their CEO, Mary Holland, who I believe is a traitor to America's children.
I'm also good friends with Jay Bhattacharyya, although since he got a job in the Trump administration he hasn't given me a call, but I trust that's just because he's very busy.
I am also misrepresented on a substat called Woodhouse 76 which is really the brainchild of Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and a woman in America by the name of Jessica Hockett who recycle my ideas there to argue with people like Claire Craig or Pierre Cory or even Mike Eden and Jay Bhattacharya.
I assure you this is all just an elaborate hoax that is kind of a little bit of heart and a little bit of panda and a little bit of CHD and a little bit of no virus, all designed to make sure that no one ever escapes.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, where RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injections are not medicine.
Transfection was always a crime in the population pyramids.
are a real problem that needs manning and managing.
The other day I gave you a brief look into... Is this working?
Yes, it is.
I don't like that though.
I'm gonna get rid of that and I'm gonna come over here.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological again.
My name's Jonathan Cooey.
I am indeed very happy to be here.
Still trying to make sure everything is in focus.
If you want to be notified of the stream, there is a email on the screen there that you can email and my wife will send you a little note saying that I am gonna stream.
However,
The idea that it's gonna be on time or there's gonna be some kind of schedule, I aim for some kind of 1010 and I always get around 12 o'clock.
So I just pull the trigger when I can to make sure that I have a good two hours to get it done.
And so here I am again today.
If you need to send anything to the house, like a card or a self-addressed stamped envelope,
in which I can put a few stickers for you or even a Velcro backed patch if that's your kind of thing.
And if you want to share the work that I'm doing, please share it at stream.gigohm.bio because then I get a kind of an idea of who's seeing it and who's not because not that I can see who's seeing it, but the numbers are real there.
I don't know what's happening on
on Rumble, and I don't know what happens on YouTube.
I don't know what happens anywhere but PeerTube.
Anyway, thank you very much for being here.
A day or two ago, maybe it was even yesterday, I brought up the character of Nicole Shanahan, who is some kind of rich person.
I'm not exactly sure how rich she is.
She's a techno person and a technology person and a
and a whole thing.
I don't know what she is.
And ever since her sort of surprising rise to prominence as the vice presidential candidate running with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., she's now taken a position as a prominent podcaster on YouTube.
and in the populist conservative right in America and is interviewing people and apparently part of this new media movement with a lot of, you know, big ideas.
And so I think I've made the point before.
Did that stop?
That sucks.
Sorry about that.
There's supposed to be some kind of super cool, like, did I not set that right?
What is going on?
Playback.
Oh, I didn't loop it.
See, that's the problem.
There we go.
It was supposed to look like some cool spaceship bedroom or something like that there, and then it didn't move.
What was I saying?
Yes, Nicole Shanahan is somebody that I find very curious and I have suggested that there is a lot of work to be done that anybody can do.
I don't know if you can notice or not, but I actually took the Indian over here and I gave him a ponytail.
Maybe I should just get rid of the
the background or make the background white or something like that video format.
Can I make it brighter like this?
There, see now you can see it.
Does that work?
Yeah, see now you see.
I took the racist part of the Indian that nobody wants, I took that racist part off and I put a
I put a ponytail on it and so now it's me.
And later today, I'm gonna make it black and brown instead of blue and red.
And then we'll basically have a new logo for JC on the hardwood, which is really fun.
I'm very excited about that.
So again, getting off the subject, I have been advocating for anyone and everyone to start building a timeline
to archive what your quote-unquote heroes did before the pandemic as a career and at the start of the pandemic.
What did they say?
Where were they?
And more importantly, during the pandemic, who did they interact with?
Who were they?
What groups were they a part of?
What people did they share the stage with?
And I've made the argument that if you do this diligently,
most of these people can be seen for who they are.
Now, I don't know if reverb helps there, but I think this strategy at this stage in the game, with the cards that these people are laying down, it is now obvious that it's been rigged the whole time.
And so if you can see it that way, where after hours and hours of poker,
All these people with these big chips are now suddenly getting like full houses and four of a kind.
And you're experiencing bad beat after bad beat.
And it's like, okay, a couple of times I can handle it, but not anymore.
And this is where you can see it.
When somebody like Nicole Shanahan is complaining about people being Manchurian candidates.
because of course she kind of fell out of the sky, right?
She was, who the hell is this?
When people were speculating about who Bobby might choose as vice president, I don't think anybody thought it was going to be Nicole Shanahan.
And that's a pretty remarkable realization.
And if you see it that way, that almost kind of positioning himself to join the potential winning side,
almost like it was always, I mean, what about Manchurian candidates?
And so I thought we should go back to what I believe is before the election or right, right, right, right afterward, before Trump was sworn in.
So maybe in this time after the election was decided, but then still before Trump was sworn in.
and and watch a couple interviews segments with Nicole on the the Steve Bannon war room because I again I think this is the way I mean this this is where the these people's narratives are being synchronized with the political narratives that Steve Bannon is is working on with other outlets and so the biology
it needs to be filtered through McKernan or through Robert Malone, and maybe through Mary Holland or Brian Hooker.
But in reality, what you see here overarchingly is a political stunt.
It is a political stunt that is loosely based on the political stunt that Polly, Tommy, and Andrew Wakefield pulled off in the UK in the early, late 90s, early 2000s.
You have to do your own research on that because, you know,
That's part of being a grown-up.
It's not a joke.
We really do need to do this work.
You need to be able to speak from
experience and experience is reading.
You know, if you read a book like bacteriophages, biology and applications, and you come out with some different interpretation of what you thought you understood, that's a significant experience, that's a significant change in the amount of wisdom that you might present possess.
And every one of these exercises, if you read a book, like
genes, germs, and medicine, the life of Joshua Lederberg, and you come out with different insights on certain topics, that's pushing the ball forward.
And anyone can do this work because these books are available for like $5 on eBay.
And so I am increasingly more confused at, once you see it,
why no one takes any action.
And so let's just, again, I'll just show you how easy it is.
I'm just gonna put a timeline together.
I'm gonna put a timeline together of Shannon.
Is that her name, Shannon?
Nicole Shanahan, excuse me, I'm getting everybody confused now.
Nicole Shanahan, War Room, War Room, and then her own podcast,
video that she posted 13 hours ago.
Keep in mind that about 15 hours ago, or 20 hours ago, or 24 hours ago, I just did a program called, What is Autism Really?
And
15, 16 hours, what?
12 hours later, Nicole Shanahan produced a video called, What is Autism Really?
With that thumbnail.
Could be accidental, could be coinkydink, or it could be that right now the pressure is so on in the right pressure points that we can actually see a real-time response.
And
By now, I think the people that have been together with us for a few years realize that that's inevitably gonna happen and it's probably happening right now.
So let's watch a couple historic videos first.
I will try to stop them as little as possible because I want to get to the third one and then get to a summary of what's going on because I have been taking it easy on these people for a while with my introduction, kind of because I know people get tired of it, but
I do think it's still very, very important to point out how easily all of these data points line up in a way that can't be explained as chance.
So let's see if I can do this.
I'm going to go over here.
And that's too big.
Oh, that's on.
Get rid of that.
And then that's too big.
And this one might not be on yet.
No, it's not.
oh my technical crew failed me again this is gonna switch to the notebook right oh no it didn't oh cool it might be a little bit out of focus I can't really tell there's something wrong with it it looks pixelated or something like oh it's too bright maybe it might be too bright because I got my backlight on hold on one second let me get the backlight off darn it
This is going to not come off easily, of course, because I want it to come off right now.
That might help.
No, it still looks a little goofy to me.
Let me see.
I don't know, that might be better.
Thank you very much for having patience.
Let's see here.
If I can get this started.
And maybe I'll put this one down at a
Yeah, so the address will fade in a minute.
That's the address you can send a self-addressed stamped envelope to.
And again, you can use those links up there to keep up with stuff.
I'm going to put us at B. And then where is that?
That's the same.
Yeah, I'm going to use that one.
There we go.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, let's get this going.
Thank you very much.
Is this going to play now or is it going to give me a hard time?
Hey, everyone.
Tomorrow is a pivotal moment in our nation's history at 10 a.m.
Eastern time.
RFK will sit in front of the Senate Finance Committee for his confirmation hearing to be our nation's next secretary.
OK, perfect.
She framed it right up for when this was what she's talking about and when she's talking right, right before his confirmation hearing.
So this will be insightful.
of Health and Human Services.
Or revealing, let's say.
I urge everyone to call their U.S.
senators over the following days and demand they vote yes on Bobby's nomination.
He is more than qualified.
He's proven, principled, and prepared to lead.
I'll share a list below of key senators.
If they represent your state, they need to hear from you.
If they don't, please call your own senator and ask them to vote yes.
We need as many votes as we can get.
So this hasn't been widely reported, but in 2020, I cut large checks to Chuck Schumer to help Democrats flip two Senate seats in Georgia from red to blue.
The two candidates I helped elect, Senator Raphael Warnock and Senator Jon Ossoff, please know I will be watching your votes very closely.
I will make it my personal mission that you lose your seats in the Senate if you vote against the future health of America's children.
And more than that, I also want to say to Senators Mitch McConnell, Lindsey Graham, Lisa Markofsky, Susan Collins, Bill Cassidy, Tom Tillis, James Lankford, Cory Booker, John Fetterman, Bernie Sanders, and Catherine Cortez Masto,
This is a bipartisan message, and it comes directly from me.
While Bobby may be willing to play nice, I won't.
If you vote against him, I will personally fund challengers to primary you in your next election, and I will enlist hundreds of thousands to join me.
Big Pharma and Big Ag have exploited us for far too long.
It ends now.
You're either on the- Big Pharma and Big Ag have exploited us too long and now she's going full tilt.
That's the thing that we're supposed to believe.
And so she's threatening people to donate lots of money.
I gave a million dollars here, I'll give a million dollars there.
It's a very big threat because a million dollars given to me would result in an AM radio station that would never go silent.
It would result in billboards.
It would result in high school curriculums.
It would result in short courses, videos for free.
But that's not where anybody, anytime, anyone ever gives any money for.
It's just the people who barely have enough money who watch this stream and realize that we're actually onto something.
and that we are risking everything to try and get it out.
Not like her, who was retired when this all started and was apparently chilling for four years before she decided to get in and jump in on this, even though she apparently will say every once in a while that she has an autistic child.
It is
It is a terrible time that we are in right now because there are so many people that are lying.
And I think this is the reason why it works because they all collectively know they are not who they say they are.
They don't even use their real names a lot of times.
But if you know that I'm stretching the truth about how my family's suffering and I know how your family's not really suffering anymore either, is it Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy and Mary Holland and all these other people.
Unfortunately, there are also people like Brian Hooker who went along.
who accepted the task, accepted the limitations, accepted the, okay, I guess we'll say autism for now, as long as you promise me we're gonna get justice for these people when we get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in the White House.
And now we're here.
And who's in front at CHD?
Is it Brian Hooker?
It's Mary Holland and Polly Tommy.
Polly Tommy, who was on billboards in the UK, like 90 of them.
And the billboards didn't say anything about saving kids from a vaccine schedule or for the dangers that we could stop children from getting.
No, it was about autism awareness and about how that might be worth 6 million votes in an election.
And then she and Andrew Wakefield came to the United States.
Oh yeah, with that guy, Peter Daszak too.
The one that published a paper with Andrew Wakefield on measles, you know, about 10 years before that.
They all came to the United States at roughly the same time.
And then we're here.
We're here.
Think about this for a second because it is crucial if you can understand that the history can't lie like that, that these paths are not random destiny.
This is a carefully orchestrated theater full of people who have decided to look away.
It's a term that the military and other people in the government and intelligence agencies, you know, like Robert Malone, it's the look away doctrine.
If you don't just don't ask what's behind that curtain, here's your briefcase of money, here's your guns, there's your assignment, go ahead.
Don't worry about the screams back there.
And somehow or another, all of these people know that they think they're getting a ticket on a boat that we're not gonna be on or a passcode to the tunnel cities that we're not gonna be able to get into because we won't have the passcode.
It's really remarkable because once you see that they're purposefully not winning.
A side of transparency and accountability or you are standing in the way.
The choice is yours.
Please choose wisely.
Nicole Shanahan, Lord have mercy, girl, you threw down hard.
Tell me about what was that, ma'am?
You know, we're pissed.
The moms are pissed.
I'm pissed.
And watching the line of questioning that Bobby has had to endure the last two days,
from individuals that have received millions upon millions of dollars direct from the pharmaceutical companies has been infuriating.
And you know what?
Hold up.
Hold up a second.
Here we go.
Thing is, is the MAGA MAHA movement is so big.
I really do think it's the largest movement on the planet right now.
And we're all watching this.
Do you think any Senate- The largest movement on the planet.
I'm not sure that there's a way for me to argue with that necessarily, but that's a pretty remarkably odd
confirmation hearing has had this many live viewers, certainly not as many that are this deeply vested.
And that's what this is all about right now.
I didn't expect that video to go as viral as it did.
And I've heard from so many people who are like, we're ready to go.
Can you please primary my senator?
They're just fed up.
We're all fed up.
And it's time for
It's time to clean out this mess from our government.
Nicole, time to clean out this mess.
Were you taken back by the viciousness of the, not the content of the questions, but the viciousness of the delivery?
I'm not even really sure that this is Steve Bannon because he doesn't have his three pens.
This could be a signal that this isn't Steve Bannon, but it's a guy in a Steve Bannon suit.
Usually the real Steve Bannon will have three pens to indicate his allegiances to whatever, you know, secret organizations.
So this could be a guy in a Bannon suit.
Some of the questions, ma'am.
I don't know where they get this self-righteous viciousness.
It is, you know, part of me wonders if they actually believe half of what they're saying.
Some of it just feels like theater.
And the reality is, is for the rest of us out here living this reality every single day in America, helping our kids through, you know, a new historic flu season, a new historic RSV season, children that are born with autoimmune issues.
It's not theater for us.
This is our lived reality.
And so when I see that viciousness up there.
It's not theater for us?
We're not faking this.
I didn't go, I'm not faking this, says Mary Holland.
I'm not faking this.
I've been trying really hard for 20 years now.
Ever since, ever since I kind of sort of lost my job, not really at Columbia University.
I mean, seriously, this is crazy.
Oops.
Darn it.
I don't know why that's not working for me today.
This is always needing of disconnecting and reconnecting.
Beep, beep.
Darn you, demon.
Let's get this going.
That's better.
Okay.
Keep going here.
On Capitol Hill.
It's these people are acting.
And I think that at this point, the Democratic Party chooses its candidates based on who can act, not who gives a damn, who can tell like any bit.
Maybe the Democratic Party chooses people who can act on television, like on PBS News and on NBC.
And the right is choosing people that can act on podcasts.
And it's just a battle between the old media and the new media and how quickly can the new media adapt to the new media?
And oh my goodness, once you see it, it's kind of a joke.
Because remember this lady came out a couple of days ago on Glenn Beck, we watched and she said that she was against Casey means because Casey means wants to harvest our data.
It's remarkable.
because of course she during the campaign advocated for the harvesting of our data, just different data, not the data from Fitbits and Apple watches, but the data from, you know, everything else, including our medical records, which is remarkable because that is indeed the data that they want.
Because once they get permission to have that data, they can use AI to take that data and match it to genetic samples that were taken during the pandemic.
But
I mean, I don't wanna get too deep there.
Of their lived experience through any bit of integrity, because they're so detached and they're so removed and the people feel it.
Many of the senators we've heard from that were- It is quite remarkable that she's reading.
So she's hitting these words on purpose.
The words that we've been using.
Theater, right?
Integrity.
There's nobody
Nobody in this narrative has an unblemished record of integrity because once they figured out something wasn't as important as they thought it was, they kept going.
Whether it was the spike protein or the ivermectin, they kept going until they got a book deal.
They kept going until they got on Rogan.
They kept going until they got anywhere because they were given a script and they were told to stick to it.
That's why I show you that clip in the very beginning of Kevin McCairn saying, you know, and Addy Adds, friend of George Webb, talking about, in March of 2020, talking about EcoHealth Alliance, and then him having it up on screen and not realizing that he had it on screen.
It is, yeah, I told you, go at this NPO.
And where are we now?
Five years later, we're there with Kevin McKernan on a giant podcast telling us the same thing.
It's Anthony Fauci boomerang the money through EcoHealth Alliance to the whiv.
What's the whip?
It's all the same script.
And it was a script that they can't leave behind.
And that's why it's so obvious and so visible now.
And this script about a novel virus was supposed to bring the left and the right together into this little pseudo new age interpretation of the world where moms are angry and it's about chronic disease and allergies and stuff.
the harshest, barely won their seats.
I mean, Cortez Masto, she won her seat by less than 1%.
So it's all about elections and less than 1% means that if something like autism is worth thousands of votes, then it could be a really nice chip to have in your stack, as the fake populist health freedom movement Bannon crew would have surely realized.
Maybe the whole national security state realized it, and that's why they brought Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy over, or even worse, even worse, maybe it's some other group of people like the Fabians or something like that, or a bunch of people that are loyal to the city of London, and they brought them all over, because it's a lot of English people.
Although Mary Holland is not English, she just went to Russia for like three years for whatever reason.
I mean, these things are like low, these seats are low hanging fruit and we're coming after every single one of them.
Unbelievable.
Can you, can you bear with us?
I want to take a short commercial break and bring back some other questions about this.
She was the vice presidential candidate with Bobby Kennedy until they rolled in and partnered up with President Trump.
Why is this a historic day?
on Capitol Hill for Bobby Kennedy and both the MAGA movement and particularly the Make America Healthy Again movement.
Why is this a transcendent moment, man?
So what's happening in that enchantment, I just want to be very clear about this and so that you can see it as I see it.
They are stating the MAHA movement, the MAGA movement, the Make America Healthy Again movement, the Health Freedom movement.
It's like saying the gay community, you know, or the trans community, you are speaking into existence something that is almost exclusively exists on social media alone.
And that insight, once it kind of sinks into your head, will make your interpretation of the scroll very different.
And the way that you read it and experience it will be far less potentially emotional or unnerving.
Because you'll see it just as a military program and it's giving you sort of potential responses and trying to gauge them.
And all the more that you interact with it under the pretense that it's just reality based on your follower list, you are giving them information unwittingly.
And these people are paid by the owners of those machines, those software suites, Rumble, Locals, Roken, YouTube, and all of this stuff to make those platforms more relevant for the controlling of voters, the controlling of the attention of people, of citizens.
Because as somebody like Alex Karp said, it's really important to understand how people know things.
And if you understand how people know things, and that is by listening to other people sometimes, and especially listening to other people that agree with each other, then you'll understand how to fool them into thinking they know things.
And that's what is being weaponized here, whether she knows it or not.
She knows she's participating in something.
I just don't think she's clever enough to understand that she's, you know, really, really part of a very malevolent machine that is part of the controlled demolition of America.
But I guess she has to know, otherwise she wouldn't be playing along.
I'll explain it through a story, a personal story.
My dear friend and mentor has a 26 year old vaccine injured daughter, and she's been at this for 20,
you know, five or plus years, you know, and she's been trying to, she hasn't been heard.
She has- A vaccine injured daughter, but then she's gonna be entirely aspecific about how she was injured.
Is she autistic?
Does she bang her head against the wall?
Is she incontinent?
Does she scream and yell at random?
Can she be brought to the grocery store?
Does she have a job at a YouTube channel?
Hasn't been heard for two decades.
She hasn't been heard.
So for her to tune in and watch all, like watch Mary Holland no longer be fringe.
Watch Bobby Kennedy talking on behalf of her personal story.
Mary Holland is still extremely fringe.
And on the internet, please understand on the social media, militarized platforms, you can perceive her as being mainstream because they only have 150 posts to show you.
And so with a few fake comments,
They can create the illusion of anything that they want to with a few fake comments on YouTube.
They can create the illusion of a response to the video that you just watched that might not even be real.
the response that you want.
Bret Weinstein is a genius.
The response that you want.
Wow, Jordan Peterson is the most intelligent man on earth.
And 50 comments underneath the video that say that will make it seem as though there is a consensus of people that thinks that Jordan Peterson is the path to, you know, ultimate wisdom.
And all of these types of tricks are, you are totally vulnerable to them if you use social media skillfully, i.e.
you use it as a window to the reality that is defined by your follower list, because that's not what it is.
And so until you understand it, you should better get off of it.
And then when you understand it, you might choose to stay off of it anyway.
Right.
The sad part of this all,
is that it is no longer fringe.
It's no longer fringe because that many families are impacted by this crisis.
That many families are impacted by this malfeasance.
I mean, that's why- Malfeasance, you think that's a word she uses very often?
Isn't that crazy how many words she's chosen that come directly from our little lexicon of slides?
Today is historic.
It's sad that it is historic.
It's sad because it indicates how big of a problem we have on our hands today.
Some of the folks that you said, hey, I'm going to primary these guys because men and women shouldn't be around.
Some of you have actually supported before.
Did you not know at the time that they didn't really support your core beliefs, or particularly since Make America Healthy, again, is central to your whole mission and why you're kind of involved in politics in the first place?
Did you not understand it?
Did they get bought off?
Did they flip?
Are they not the people you thought they were?
What about that?
They're not the people I thought they were.
It was 2020.
I supported Warnock and Ossoff.
I supported Chuck Schumer.
And I went back and I looked at my notes from then.
I looked at my email exchanges with Chuck Schumer's office.
And I had gone to Chuck Schumer with- How is it possible that you can claim to know what's going on if you were supporting those people?
I mean, supposedly she's really, really, really rich.
So she can do, you know, she's got a lot of FU money.
and yet she was playing like just any other donor, right?
Just like any other fish in the casino.
She just went and sat down at the craps table and it was just the expensive craps table, that's it.
And now what?
She's saying that, hey, wait a minute, I think that this gambling stuff isn't right.
I think we should be playing, you know, we should be playing blackjack instead of craps or something.
I don't even know what she's saying here.
huge folder full of documents about regenerative agriculture.
And I said, why are you guys talking about all of these other climate change policies?
All you have to do is fix our agricultural system and everything you're talking about in terms of emissions and balancing our carbon cycle can be addressed through regenerative agriculture.
Will you please
please do this.
And he looked at- So climate change is a problem, but we can do it with regenerative agriculture is not exactly.
I mean, he said, yes, you know, I need your help.
And he explained to me that he needed to win back the Senate majority.
And so I cut him checks.
I said, okay, well, if you're going to take- I cut him checks.
Can you imagine if somebody cut me a check so that I could hire a few people?
I mean, this is a joke to me.
Take on regenerative agriculture and we can move beyond all of this climate change mess.
I'm happy to support you.
This sounds like a great opportunity.
And so I did.
And then when that Senate runoff happened in Georgia, I happened to actually have a woman I had just started to work with.
Her name is Shirley Sherrod.
She was head of agriculture at the USDA under Obama's administration.
And she actually got pushed out.
They were very vicious to her, that administration.
There was some... She's just reading.
It's supposed to sound all good and whatever, but she's just reading.
You know, there's an NAACP speech that she gave that was mis-edited and then put online.
And interestingly, it was Brett Bart at the time when he was still a blogger.
And it went viral and they turned on Shirley without even any due process.
They just turned on her and they kicked, they pushed her out.
And so Shirley is in rural Georgia and she's been organizing
rural Georgian farmers and I reached out to her and she happened to have a C4 and I said, hey, you know, I know Stacey Abrams can't get out to rural Georgia.
Can you, you know, do you want to mobilize?
And she said, yeah, I'd love to.
And, you know, I have a C4.
So I sent her a million dollars to her C4.
I'm sorry, what?
Is that how rich people do it?
They just, you know, and they, they have a good cause and they have a brief phone call with somebody.
Yes, I want to do something about the kids and, and, and I want to get in office.
And so here's a million dollars for your C4.
Is that a 501 C4?
What is that shit?
and she got out that vote, and they just narrowly, narrowly pulled off that race.
There's suspicion that there was some ballot stuffing and ballot integrity issues, and the seats were, quote, stolen.
I don't know if that's true.
Perhaps it is, but I do know the role that I played in all of that, and I take responsibility for it.
And I was wrong to ever trust these people.
And many Democrats are opening up to this acceptance.
that they were wrong, they were misguided, they were lied to.
And it's all this bait and switch.
And that's what the party's been.
And nobody in their right mind can continue to support that.
Boy, Shirley Sherrod, I dealt with.
I was Andrew Breitbart's partner.
That's a whole nightmare.
If it was not for Anthony Weiner, Andrew would have never been back on Fox.
I'll tell that story later.
But man, you just sent shivers down my spine in the Shirley Sherrod tape.
Before I let you go, there's been some talk.
You're very upset what's happened in California.
And there's some talk that you might be interested in running for governor against Gavin Newsom.
Is there any truth to that rumor?
There is truth to that rumor.
I'm putting together an exploratory committee this coming summer.
I haven't committed to running yet.
There's quite a bit of work that needs to be done.
If it's my time, I will run.
If it is not my time, I will throw the full weight of my support, my media team, my endorsement behind somebody great, who is Maha Maga.
Well, I guess Newsom's not going to run again.
I guess he's not going to get recalled because we've got a year left.
Yeah.
Nicole Shanahan, uh, where do people go to find out more about you, more about your support and kind of, you're one of the co-founders of the Maha movement.
Where do people go to find out more about that?
Make America healthy again, where they go.
One of the co-founders of the Maha movement, you know, like the, I don't know the hippies and stuff.
I it's, it's remarkable.
Go to find out why this is a historic day and where we're up against in all of this, ma'am.
Yeah, I mean, we are really a team, Steve, now, and I really appreciate the work you've been doing on transhumanism.
That's a topic that I'm very passionate about.
I have a podcast called Back to the People.
You can find us on all of the major streaming platforms as well.
I'm very active on X. That's kind of straight from my head onto the keyboard.
X is relevant, X is relevant.
Every time you say it, you get paid.
Um, it doesn't go through a big team.
It's, it's my personal way to communicate.
Um, when I'm finding when I'm, it's my personal way to communicate.
I endorse using Twitter as a personal way to communicate.
And if you use Twitter, then with the follower list you have, you will see a real time conversation between you and the world.
Gosh, it's gross.
thinking and the direction that I'm taking my work.
Nicole Shanahan on X, where do people get you on X?
At Nicole Shanahan.
Thank you, ma'am.
Appreciate you.
Thanks for coming on.
Thanks very much, Steve.
Take care.
I just want to briefly take a little interlude here and let you know
that one of the ways that you can change your perspective, like force a change, and there's a lot of people who might not have any anymore.
I am an optics freak.
I love microscopes.
I love telescopes.
I love binoculars.
Oh my gosh, I love binoculars.
The reason why I love binoculars is because if you get a good pair, they create an image with depth that you cannot otherwise see.
And it can make, it can put your mind in a different perspective.
It can really change the dimensions in which your mind functions.
And maybe I'm just being ridiculous here, but I find it very, very mind clearing to get a pair of binoculars, go sit in the backyard and make sure they're in focus and then look at stuff.
It can steady your mind.
It can clear your mind.
And more importantly, if you have the right set of binoculars, it's just something you're going to love it.
So, I want to recommend, if you go on eBay, if you're risking, if you're going to do that, you want to try something, you're looking for the company called Nippon Kagaku.
It's Nippon like, you know, Japan.
N-I-P-P-O-N.
And then K-O-G-A-K-U.
They make really tiny ones too.
Which I don't have a pair out now.
They make more regular sized ones like 7x35 or something like that.
But these smaller ones, the smaller ones, the more compact ones that they made were exceptional.
The short story of this, I'll just show you the ones that are my favorite favorite.
My favorite favorite are these Micron glasses and they're super tiny.
You might even call them something like opera glasses except they're not.
Because if you have steady enough hands you could even bird with these.
And these are a newer version because they have focus on both sides here.
And you only have to focus the one side like a regular pair of binoculars.
Sorry I'm looking at the wrong camera.
But the earlier versions of them, you just focus the monocular separately.
And then they're just kind of there.
And so if you were at a concert or something like that, you wouldn't change the focus anyway.
But if you were birding, these are maybe the more advanced version, the newer ones.
So this company,
this company uh i don't know if whoops that's not working this way uh you can kind of see it there but not really i gotta move the camera up um and if you look underneath here if you look underneath on these you look right in there for a um very brief period of time
In Japanese history, of course, Japan was occupied by America.
And so I have a few mint condition of these that I got a long time ago back when I was obsessed with them and also a biologist where they say made in occupied Japan, which is pretty cool.
And so I got really obsessed with collecting those.
And then during the course of the pandemic,
It just breaks my heart to say it out loud.
I gave them away.
Some of my very, very, very best.
I cleaned some of them.
I realigned some of them.
They were all beautiful.
And I gave them away to people that I thought were good people that had helped me.
I gave
One pair of those to Charles Rixey when he left my house in January of 2022 after he came to try and convince me that the diffuse proposal was real and for a little while I believed it again.
I gave a pair of these to Greg Glassman to thank him for bringing me to the Broken Science Initiative, introducing me to people like Matt Briggs.
I gave a pair of these
to one of my favorite and most generous funders over the last year and a half, a family in Canada.
Honestly, I don't know if I've ever given a pair to Mark Kulak, but Mark Kulak definitely deserves a pair of these out of my collection.
Anyway, get a pair of binoculars.
A small pair that you can carry around all the time is actually ideal, because you never know when you want to change your perspective.
So you can just put this underneath your shirt, and no one will know it's there.
But you, and anytime you need reminding that your perspective should change, it's going to be hanging there.
Or you can get a little bit larger pair of glasses.
I don't recommend that you get a giant pair Because the the higher the magnification the more frustrating it is to get a good image And the more steady you need to be And so if you get you know, don't spend a lot of money you can get a pair of these sometimes for $40 or $30 and
I'm actually going to start getting some of these and cleaning them up and then putting them on my own eBay page.
And so the ones that I think are really good and I can sell for, you know, for relatively cheap, then I'll start putting a few of those up.
But for now, it's still just my own collection and part of the way that I clear my mind.
But just keep in mind that it's very easy to buy a pair of binoculars on eBay and have them be absolutely a piece of junk.
ask me how I know.
Let's go to the next video because I do have more work ahead of us.
Let me just switch over here again and over here again and let's resume this.
She's going to come back on.
See, that's the thing.
She's coming back on.
She's got three pens this time.
With RFK came forward and supported President Trump.
Nicole, the reason I wanted to have you on here is to kind of kick this off.
We haven't had a lot of opportunity to really focus on what RFK is doing over HHS as he starts to man up and will be announcing it.
and his whole thing of make America healthy again, a huge aspect of that that nobody's talking about, and that we pray President Trump is just as aggressive as he's been on these other nominations, is the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.
Can you just walk our audience through, because you spend a lot of time on this, that merger
When we talk about Make America Healthy Again and everything RFK is going to do with big pharma and big medicine and that whole biopharmaceutical industrial complex.
Biopharmaceutical industrial complex is a
A bullshit combination of words that was first really thrown out at us at this amazing event called Rescue the Republic, which was organized apparently by a guy by the name of Brett Weinstein, whose father has nothing to do with anything like the FDA or thalidomide or anything like that.
or Al Gore's dad, or Senator Estes Kefauver, nothing to do with any of that, nevermind Bobby Kennedy's father, nothing to do with that, nothing to see there.
You're coming at it from a different angle, and that's agriculture.
Walk us through your construct, ma'am.
Yeah, first, thanks for having me, Steve.
It's a real honor to be here on your show.
Well, it's going down right now.
It's such a weird thing.
There used to be this,
this radio program in the 90s that I listened to in Chicago.
And it was called Man Cow in the morning.
And it was this dude with a pretty nice voice.
And whenever you called in,
He had this co-host named Irene and she had a nice voice and they would talk and then, you know, they would bring someone on and, hi man, Kyle, love you, love your show.
They had to say that.
If you didn't say that, they wouldn't let you on.
And so I find it really fascinating how all the, it's an honor to be on.
It's an honor to be on your show.
What does that even mean when this guy is dressed like, uh, you know, the maintenance man at the Cracker Barrel.
nomination for head of the USDA is happening right this moment and there's an opportunity for the first time ever to get somebody in there who's a real farmer who's going to look out for the small family farms and who's going to revitalize our soil systems.
I came to agriculture through a very narrow lens of looking at climate change and this is
almost 10 years ago now, and I'm a technologist here in Silicon Valley, and I looked at- What does a technologist mean?
Is that what it says on her resume?
Is that what she does?
What does that even mean?
Is Steve Kirsch a technologist because he's allowed to say that he invented the optical mouse, which I really doubt?
Is Elon Musk a technologist because he is the forward-facing
monkey that represents as having like six companies that do such diverse engineering feats that, yeah, he's gotta be a genius, right?
I mean, come on.
Every one of the climate schemes that they had brought up that were being brought up and sold as- Exactly.
Next page, Shanahan.
She's auditioning.
They're all auditioning.
And if you see it that way, that they're auditioning for the next act, they're auditioning for the next wave, they're auditioning for the next selection.
That's why she has a podcast.
Isn't she like, wasn't she said to be a billionaire?
I mean, that is just remarkable.
You know, these green energy programs and none of them made sense to me looking at just the science and just the business of it.
If we just look at carbon through this myopic lens of we have excess CO2 in the atmosphere and that is allegedly leading to a heating and climate change and climate change patterning.
If you just look at it through that, you actually, and you spend time on the science and you realize the opportunity of soil
And you realize the many, many benefits.
Realize, realize, realize this is an enchantment of tending to our farmland.
There's about 900 million acres of farmland in the United States.
And you look at the history of our relationship with soil.
When you don't take care of the soil, you get the dust bowl.
When you don't take care of the soil, people go hungry.
When you cut down American farms.
So this is like another example where she's just on the war room reading a script.
Is it likely that she put this script together?
No, it's really not.
Any more likely than it is that Kevin McCairn at the beginning of the pandemic was imagining and coming up with all the ideas that he was throwing out.
It certainly wasn't by random that Kevin McCairn declared war on Andrew Kaufman in March of 2020.
Farmland, you get inflation, you get expensive food products because the supply chain
gets disrupted.
And we saw that during the COVID-19 pandemic and the lockdowns.
So now the supply chain is being disrupted for another mythological reason, instead of just the fact that they're destroying it.
So you can't talk about any of these really big issues like inflation or climate without actually addressing the soil.
You can't talk about health
without addressing the soil.
In this country, we use an enormous amount of glyphosate.
Glyphosate has been tied for decades now to all kinds of autoimmune issues and cancers.
In fact, Bayer and Monsanto, Bayer acquired Monsanto, has paid out over $11 billion in damages due to people getting sick
from glyphosate and farmers getting sick and these very well-defined cancers that have been defined and linked conclusively to glyphosate exposure.
You cannot address so many of the issues we have in America without addressing the USDA.
Tom Vilsack, the current head of the USDA, he was the head of the USDA under Obama as well,
It's even hard to call him a commodities guy.
He is somebody who is a puppet, who's put in there to keep this whole system running as it is.
He's made no major changes.
To say that he's dedicated anything towards things that liberals care about, such as conservation, we've seen no movement there.
The farm bill, something we don't hear much about that we really ought to be listening and paying much more close attention to in terms of what's going into it.
These are five and then 10-year bills, budgets.
The next one that's up right now is going to be the first 10-year farm bill that exceeds a trillion dollars.
So this is stuff that we have to be paying attention to.
Calling it the Farm Bill doesn't even make sense.
It's over a trillion dollars, mostly going to the SNAP program.
fruit fruit stamps and that very unhealthy but hang hang on a second as you know this is a populist nationalist show with a huge mega audience and we always try to support the little guy but when you have nine hundred million acres in in the and we'd love family farms in the family farmer in the little guy but isn't that just fun nostalgia for an america that's past i mean is it to feed america and to feed the world
or to help feed the world, don't you need massive agribusiness?
Don't you need Archer Daniel Midland?
Don't you need Monsanto?
Isn't this something that scales up and why people, I think, appreciate the fact, you know, your show, Back to the People, and all your things are related to family farmers and the soil and all the stuff that's going.
Isn't that just nostalgia, ma'am?
I don't think so.
I've looked at the science and when you take care of the soil, you get long-term yields, you get higher yield in the density, nutritional density of the food.
So if you really do wanna feed people, you have to tend to the soil.
And look, if there's large-scale production that is producing
high nutrient-dense foods, I'm all for it, but those nutrient-dense foods have to actually translate to healthy people.
And that's not what we have going on right now.
We have commodities, massive commodities that a lot of it results in high fructose corn syrup
which we know doesn't nourish human bodies.
We know causes all kinds of dysregulated behavior in small children.
So this is not about nostalgia.
I mean, I'm not sure how to reference this idea of nostalgia.
I'm talking just strictly efficiency about if we want to invest dollars in to healthy people.
She's auditioning.
She is auditioning to be part of Bannon's show.
And she'll get a critique afterward about where she missed, how she could say it better.
I assure you that's exactly what you see happening here in real time.
People, we have all the land, we have more land actually, you know, in the latest consensus of the 900 million acres that we have in the United States, we're farming only about 500 million acres of them.
That number is going down year over year.
And in fact, here in the state of California, where we produce half of the fruits and vegetables in this country, half of the fruits and vegetables come from the state of California.
And the state of California currently has a plan to cut water down 40% to farm farmers, which means we're gonna lose 40% of the fruit and vegetable production coming from the state of California, which is responsible for half.
I mean, so this is merely looking at it strictly through the lens of, you know, not flowers and bunnies and things.
I'm looking at it strictly from a business lens.
Hang on one second.
We're going to go to break.
That was a great answer.
We have nostalgia for the small farmer, too, but you come out from science and from technology.
Want to take a short commercial break for what will be a firestorm
By Big Pharma and Big Medicine, when he comes forward to end that nomination process, I had a chance to spend a few minutes with RFK Jr.
at Mar-a-Lago on Friday, and we caught up with the great Tony Lyons.
Nicole Shanahan was the vice president.
Who's Tony Lyons?
Does anybody know who Tony Lyons is?
We caught up with the great Tony Lyons.
Did I mention that Tony Lyons was one of the guys that was behind RFK's campaign and one of his advisors from like the very beginning?
Who is Tony Lyons?
Come on, somebody put it in the chat.
I'm gonna wait.
I'm gonna wait until you put it in the chat.
Put it in the chat.
Who is Tony Lyons?
He is a publisher, that's correct.
Who does he work for?
Who's the top guy for?
He's the top guy for Sky Horse Publishing, ladies and gentlemen.
He's the guy, and that company's the company that published this book that has an epilogue in it where the hypothetical presidential candidate, Jesse Ventura, wins the White House by taking, as his vice president,
the independent candidate of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And after they get elected, this guy gets shot, which means that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be president.
Now, are we there?
No, we're not.
But it is very curious that this book exists.
It's very curious that that narrative exists.
It's very curious that Donald Trump was shot at about an hour north of my house by some kid who goes to the same high school, apparently, as my son does.
It's very, very, very, very strange times we find ourselves in, ladies and gentlemen.
And I think this is one of the biggest traitors to American children there is.
He pretends to be an American patriot by dressing like the guy who does the maintenance at Cracker Barrel, and he's got three pens.
his shirt no matter where he goes and this silly work jacket but if he needs to he can put on a three-piece suit and fix his hair.
Presidential candidate running as independent on the ticket with RFK she's very focused on the agricultural department
I just want to frame this, first time you've been on and I want to make sure our audience is very focused on family farms and the small farmer.
The current head of the USDA, this is his second term in the borough, I think it was Obama's.
He's now under Biden.
He's been the governor of Iowa, which is obviously one of the states that are the breadbasket of the country in the world.
Are you saying, and he's a guy with a liberal perspective, progressive.
Are you saying he's failed to make the changes that a Nicole Shanahan or the people she supports to head the USDA?
would make, I mean, I think most of the audience will find that shocking.
He's worked for Obama, arguably the most progressive president of modern times.
He's now backed with Biden.
He's had two shots in Iowa.
I think people are kind of stunned.
He has not helped a small farmer.
He does not have the perspective you have that you think is a cornerstone of make America healthy again, ma'am.
Yeah, it's hard for me to categorize Tim Vilsack as either corrupt or uninformed and quite stupid.
I think it's more of the former.
Just let me move this over here.
Let me grab this.
And then we'll get started.
Uh, yeah, sorry about that.
Um So JC on the bike was timed out.
I tried to been trying to point out for several months several years now that The most dishonorable thing is misleading the young And what they've done is they've tricked us into teaching this to our children these people like that guy right there and these two
and he got a job for it from him.
And now they stand behind Trump and do whatever they're told because that's the role they've been given.
And they're happy to do it because they are auditioning for better roles in upcoming acts.
And I assure you, there are many years of upcoming acts yet where they will continue to mislead the young and try to separate them from us using social media and the narratives that they can put on there, control on there, even bring into existence
exclusively on social media you know like the Maha movement or the Maga movement or the health freedom movement which is as fake as that guy right there as fake as that guy right there
This recording exists because of me.
This recording exists, unfortunately, only because of me.
It doesn't exist because Jessica Rose has been fighting the narrative.
It doesn't exist because Matt Crawford or Nick Hudson or Jessica Hockett or the Germ Warfare podcast has been fighting the narrative.
This exists because of me.
Capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
I'll go so far as to say that Kevin McKernan is working so hard on social media for so many years mostly because of me.
Otherwise he wouldn't bother.
They would have moved Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey right in front from the very beginning.
They would have just had Steve Kirsch and all these other monkeys just stay in their role.
But they needed these people.
They tried over and over again with different groups of people to fool me into taking a side, to believing them, to getting behind them and letting them do the talking.
That's the only reason why we're here.
I wouldn't know to put all of these people on this graphic unless all of them hadn't meddled directly with my family.
And I guess if this were false accusations, somebody would be suing me right now, right?
That's the rationale that we always use in politics.
Well, if he hasn't denied it, I guess it must be true.
Well, I'm suggesting to you that some of these people are the worst traitors in recent history of the West.
Like Brett Weinstein, like maybe Peter Thiel and Elon Musk, like Jessica Rose and like Robert Malone and like Kevin McKernan.
And like Claire Craig, I mean it when I say it.
We are in danger because these people have lied in concert, and that allowed people like Wolfgang Wodach to be absorbed, like Mike Eden to be absorbed and pressured into silence, and for Peter McCullough to be pressured into walking the absolute script he's given.
And the same with Bobby Kennedy, who unfortunately has probably been the victim of a Truman Show for years longer.
than most of us.
And that's what social media is.
It's a Truman show.
It's not a representation of reality.
It's not a distorted representation of reality.
It's bullshit.
And it's bullshit that they want you to see that these people are involved in creating.
And all it requires is a few of these people to be spectacularly committed to the script they got from Malone and Fauci and McKernan.
So what does she have to say less than a half a day after I did a podcast called, What Is Autism Really?
She made a video titled, What Is Autism Really?
Let's see what this person has to say.
Harry Kennedy's comments on autism.
Sorry, I'll start it again just so you can hear it.
But what is autism really?
A lot of people reached out to me after Secretary Kennedy's comments on autism.
Well, autism is classified today as a psychiatric condition under the DSM-5, which is the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.
And the reason why that is is because of all of the evidence that we have in this book where I can't find right now.
Where did I put it?
Did somebody steal it?
No.
And this reading will only get better, right?
We know that infantile autism existed before the nightmarishly nasty vaccine schedule was instituted in America.
But it was described very differently.
And the most striking difference was this conversion to autism, this immediate loss of language that they used to have, the loss of eye contact.
the shitting against the wall and the banging of their heads and the repetitive noises and screaming and staring into lights.
That's not what these kids did.
And so the thing that Brian Hooker in 2013 would not call autism is not what she's talking about and she's right.
She's absolutely right.
They've taken that word and expanded it into a spectrum and then encouraged every shithead possible to come up with an additional story that fit into it.
Precisely what was described in this book from 1968, where they said that there's a kind of perverse motivation for people to redefine shit.
And so we gotta be very careful about how we define autism so we have a legitimate conversation about it.
And we don't lose control of the investigation by just including too much noise.
But of course, a malevolent state that was interested in permanently making sure that your grandchildren never understood that intramuscular injection is not medicine.
Well, then I think there'd be a great way to do it.
It's published by the American Psychiatric Association.
The DSM-5 defines autism as persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction across multiple contexts.
Children as young as six months can receive this diagnosis, which is currently based solely on observational analysis.
There's no medical test.
The most common prescription... She wants a medical test.
Wow.
Following an autism diagnosis today is treatment through behavioral therapies, including what's called Applied Behavior Analysis, or ABA, to improve the child's behavior.
But here's the thing.
Most children diagnosed with autism, in fact, over 70%, also have what the American Academy of Pediatrics refers to as co-occurring medical conditions.
These can include gastrointestinal issues, sleep disorders, seizures or epilepsy, sensory sensitivities, developmental coordination challenges such as dyspraxia, which is commonly seen in stroke victims, and intellectual disabilities.
The American Academy of Pediatrics, or AAP, emphasizes the importance of comprehensive evaluation in identifying and managing these co-occurring conditions to ensure the best possible care for individuals with autism.
Except,
The reality is that most children on the autism spectrum don't get the medical care they need because many are unable to communicate their needs.
And most pediatricians simply aren't trained to recognize or treat the complex medical issues that often come with an autism diagnosis.
Today, the autism community is dominated by behavioralists.
who are frequently not equipped at all to address the underlying medical needs of these children.
And rather than looking deeper, the most common response is to prescribe powerful anti-psychotic medications like Respiradol and Abilify.
What if many of the behaviors we see in children with autism are actually the result of untreated medical issues like dysbiosis or metabolic dysfunction?
More and more physicians... Dysbiosis is a silly term for when you're out of balance with your microbiome, whatever that means.
And of course, we understand what that means, right?
Our immune system is our primary interactive system with our microbiome.
and they have been destroying it with intramuscular injection.
And so it is a combination of factors, but yes, we are an irreducibly complex pattern integrity that at its basis has a symbiotic relationship between a collection of a very diverse set of bacteria.
And we carry those around with us like a compost heap in our gut, but we don't get sick from it.
It doesn't kill us.
It's actually vital to our very existence.
And they do not understand it.
They don't understand how that symbiosis is regulated.
They don't understand how that symbiosis feeds back into the brain or feed back into the immune system.
And more importantly, they never, ever, ever want your children to ponder that.
They want your children to think of immunity to viruses as antibodies, and that's all they need to know about their health.
They want to believe that public health is a reason, that virology is a science, and that intramuscular injection is a great methodology.
That's what they want your children to believe.
And they're using myths like this, like autism spectrum disorder, like gain-of-function research, to push these myths on your children.
and families are stepping forward to say that autism is predominantly physiological, not psychological.
And if that's true, then we need to start by addressing the body, by treating the underlying medical conditions before we attempt to modify a child's behavior.
There are even groups stating that forcing these children into behavioral therapies when they are experiencing physical pain is unethical and even cruel.
Now the trap here is unfortunately very malevolent because you want to care about these kids.
They're showing you very compassion-inducing videos.
But just like Polly Tommy in the late 90s and early 2000s was advocating for autism awareness, this woman right now is not advocating for some stop to this because she apparently doesn't really know what it is and thinks maybe if we fix our soils, it'll go away.
Some recommend up to 40 hours a week of this therapy, which consists of commands an autistic child must follow to exhaustion, responses an autistic child must give correctly, even if the answers don't match the child's feelings or preferences, and the repression of movements that autistics use to regulate their own bodies.
Besides this extreme regimen, the experts
this is also an enchantment they have all kinds of these people on the internet now they're using these doe-eyed little girls to read things on tiktok to become lab leak correspondents this kind of crap i mean it's not by accident
MothersToBe.com, this little LLC that CHD has started.
That's the same thing.
They're using women like this, attractive, pretty, to sell shit.
To move voters.
To sway people's thoughts on social media.
This is an enchantment and nothing more.
insists that parents use the same tactics at home.
So parents pay a lot of money to people who don't allow autistics to experience growth and the world the autistic way.
Do you think that those lines on there are real?
She just happens to have freckles and red like that?
That's how malevolent this is.
They pay for abuse.
So where does that leave us today?
There's definitely a need for a better diagnostic.
I mean, the same person that produced Soph's videos before the pandemic could be producing these videos right now, and it wouldn't surprise me at all.
And had we not exposed Soph, maybe Soph would have been that girl right there.
approach, one that properly identifies the underlying medical needs of these children and supports parents with targeted treatments, whether it's for metabolic insufficiency, chronic gut pain, or anything in between.
If you're a parent like me, you won't just give up on your child in the hope that one day they will grow to live productive and happy lives.
You'll continue to believe in their capacity to heal.
And that's precisely what we need from our medical providers today, a real path towards wholeness and wellness.
Last year, I had the pleasure of meeting a fellow autism parent, Alex Zahirakis, a
A fellow autism parent.
So there she is claiming that she knows because she's got a kid.
And so what do you know?
And that is a very, very hard trump card to combat.
It is a very, very difficult spell to break, but please do not be susceptible to the fact that somebody says, I have a kid.
And so since I have a kid, my opinion matters more than you, because it does not.
This is about grandchildren to come.
Brilliant radiation oncology physicist who, like many of us, was drawn into this world not by profession, but by parenthood.
Radiation oncology physicist means that he gives chemotherapy to cancer patients?
Like seriously?
Holy crap.
Are we that dumb?
Alex works with a small dedicated team at the nonprofit Autism is Biomedical, helping families access the kind of precision diagnostics that mainstream pediatrics has largely abandoned in favor of behavioral intervention.
Precision diagnostics.
We'll explain to you why your kid is messed up by looking at their genes.
Oh my gosh.
Because of his work, hundreds of children have seen remarkable improvements in their physical health, which has, surprise, surprise, mitigated many of their behavioral and psychiatric symptoms.
It's simply addressing something as foundational as the gut can lead to such profound behavioral improvements.
Imagine what might be possible with early medical intervention.
It makes you really- And so it's all like, like,
The mother of Colin, Paula Aitken, said that these people are frauds.
They came to her house, they figured out how she cured her son's gut, and then they took that shit and ran with it.
And they tried to make a lot of money on it.
And they tried to sell us a story about MMR and about individual vaccines.
And they're still selling us that story now, only in a different, more malevolent form, where they're primarily concerned about the COVID shots.
For goodness sakes, at least get those off the market.
And after all these years, Brian, having never said that it's not autism again, because he agreed to help this movement, he agreed to get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as close to the White House as possible and then kick some ass, I guess he's got a book, and now Mary Holland and Pauly Tommy will continue their grift.
And the definition of grift is a con.
It's a long con.
It's where you pretend to be who you're not.
And I am not pretending to be anyone.
I'm not.
I'm just a father and a biologist and an optics enthusiast and a pretty decent reader.
I'm a kite flyer.
And I figured this out.
I figured this out with the help of Mark Kulak, with the help of Paula Aitken, with the help of a lot of people.
And she really thinks that she's that profound?
What if it's not psychological or psychiatric, but it's biomedical?
Man, oh man, it's gross.
It's just gross.
Why is that doing that all the time?
It's like... There, that's better.
I don't know why it's doing that all the time.
Somehow I'm not queuing it up right.
Prism Kites.
Wow.
That's a, that's an old reference.
They don't, they don't trick that well though.
I mean, even the, even the Prism, Prism Spectrum or whatever the hell it was called that was supposed to be like a stunt kite.
It was really, it was really wobbly.
I think they only, they only designed it for the fade.
You know, they didn't really see that there were all kinds.
I mean, it was, it's really work to do a Jacob's Ladder, for example.
The kite that I have behind me over here, just to let you know what I've got over here.
That kite right there is called the Diablos and it was the original kite that was made by a kind of acquaintance of mine when I was flying in Holland for a few years.
When I met my wife and met all these guys that I know and still miss and love.
And it's still flying there today.
That's the Diablos.
That's the original design.
It was actually sold to OurSky.
But this is the actual first kite.
And this kite actually won about seven or eight competitions.
Not this design, but this actual sale, which is kind of kick-ass.
I think a lot of people that are aware of this kite would love to have it.
But it ain't, nobody gonna get it.
Nobody gonna get it.
That's my kite.
And I actually don't fly it.
I fly an OurSky
All right, sorry, an Althalia, uh, XTX, was it XTS?
Yes, XTS.
It's a great big white one.
It's the one that Matthew Mayette flew.
If you know who Matthew Mayette is, M-A-Y-E-T, if you look him up on the internet, that is the,
That is the guy that I modeled all of my flying techniques after.
And actually, the French turns that I do with a kite are learned from him.
Anyway, wow, that's a weird sidebar.
Heep, heep, heep.
Here we go.
So was that the end of that video?
I think it was.
So, it's a weird place we're in right now because... Let me see if I can get this up.
Does this work?
Is it the whole clip?
Or is it just a clip?
It's the whole clip.
No, it's the whole thing.
I don't want to watch it now.
Sorry.
It's a long, strange trip, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a very long, strange trip it's been.
And I'm not happy with the story that I have to tell, but I'm very confident in it.
basically just the sluggishness of government in general.
And in my mind, how do we
use this situation to our advantage to make sure that you know.
I see you still commenting in there.
You seem to know what you're talking about.
I actually originally had a whole set of Sea Devils from Lam Hoke in Canada if you know who that guy is.
That's how I met everybody.
I was a Sea Devil pilot and I sold all those kites many years ago and I do regret it because they were awesome and I don't know how in the hell
I know why, because I have other kites and I like them better.
I got a German kite called a TNT that is just the bomb.
Oh my gosh.
People are getting... I think there's a genuine call for justice to be called for, especially if there was
you know, there was a moratorium in place that caused Fauci's department to have the... Okay, so in March of 2020, an associate of George Webb, who was on 60 Minutes in February of 2020, and meddling with Mark Kulak for years,
This guy is interviewing a dude by the name of Kevin McCairn, who supposedly is a neuroscientist at Kyoto University, but stop lying.
And they're talking about.
Maybe Fauci is covering up something that they did.
And very specifically, he's going to say that they gave money to EcoHealth Alliance to do the job somewhere else, which is a narrative, of course, we know that Kevin McKernan is now telling everywhere he goes on the Steve Kirsch podcast, on the Danny Jones podcast, and probably very soon on the Joe Rogan podcast.
Research offshore.
OK, so I mean, I have to I have to presume that somewhere because we don't know what those papers look like.
Prior to that, and this was the Obama administration that did this, and there's a lot there's a strong argument for.
Oh, I've got to wait.
He lost control of his script.
Oops.
I got to get caught up.
Wait, I ran out.
Listen to that very carefully because that's not, that's, that's real.
He's reading.
Yeah.
So, uh, I have to presume that somebody whoops, watch, watch.
Sorry.
The.
Uh, basically just, Oh, I've got, uh, I wait, um, keep going.
Prior to that.
And this was the Obama administration that did this.
And there's a lot, there's a strong argument for, Oh, I've got, uh, I wait.
They're scripted ladies and gentlemen, maybe even in real time.
Maybe they have a chat coaching them.
But something is happening and it was happening already in the beginning because remember, this guy spent the next five years messing with my family, slandering me on the internet for five years, doing performances with Mark Bailey after a year of taunting his wife as a whore.
Mark Bailey did a stream with that guy.
And after five years, he's done streams with Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project, plugged Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project, and Kevin McKernan has promoted Charles Rixey, a guy who was actually in Japan streaming with this man for a couple years, and also part of the people saying I'm a bad guy, pretending that I got him fired at CHD.
when there are people with real names in this book on this page that know that that's an absolute, absolute lie.
And it's every one of the names in this first paragraph of the book knows that Charles Rixey was hired at the same time as me and knows that he was fired and probably knows exactly why he was fired.
And there are at least three names on here that I have the phone numbers to these people that know that that's a lie.
Charles Rixey did not help write this book.
He was trying to sabotage it.
More importantly, sabotage my role in it, monitor my role in it.
They tried to absorb me by getting me to feel like I was part of the team.
And Rixey was part of that operation.
This jackass was part of that operation, and I saw through it.
I didn't know what I was seeing through.
Because it never made sense to me that so many people inside of CHD could be part of a theater like that, but they were.
And that's why none of those people are available to tell you, oh yeah, Kevin McKernan is definitely lying.
because I'm sure after they left CHD in October of 2024, they also signed an NDA.
And so they can't help me and my family anymore, but I didn't sign an NDA.
So I'll tell you right now, I told them the truth before this book was published and Bobby said it wasn't for this book.
So this guy's on a script and it's a script that was given to him by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and all these other clowns that are behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
All these people that have been whispering in his ear about what the right thing to say is and not, don't listen to Jonathan Cooey.
That's what this is.
I'm not saying that RFK can be saved.
I assure you he cannot.
He wants that role.
He's gotten the role.
They were planning that role with who?
With Tony Lyons since at least 2008 when they publicly admitted it in a book authored by Jesse Ventura.
Keep going.
So I have to presume that somewhere that.
Ralph Baric is a guy who arguably taught with how to create the coronavirus.
Who?
Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh, so there is their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of echo health into the wave.
And so what I'm suggesting to you is, is that the national security state
for whom a national security priority is to get everyone in America to accept intramuscular injection as a valid methodology and transfection as a valid medicine, have decided to lie to us about a pandemic and lie to us about the biology of RNA and to lie to us about the biology of our immune system so that we would never figure out that intramuscular injection is not medicine.
in any context.
And it's the worst way to augment a healthy human.
Transfection is actually an highly advanced, more malevolent way of harming a human with intramuscular injection.
And this guy, the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project that says that Charles Rixey is a hero, is essentially also saying that Kevin McCarran is a hero, even though we know we have hours and hours of video of him dedicating hours and hours of his time
to messing with my family for five years.
And Charles Rixey and Kevin McCarran both came to my house in Pittsburgh.
And why would somebody do that after all the things that Kevin McCarran did to me on the internet?
Why would he dare come to Pittsburgh and want to meet me at my house, to stay at my house?
And why would he instead even insist that we meet at a bar?
If you don't wanna meet me at your house, at least meet me at the bar.
I bought him a hotel so he wouldn't come to my house and I didn't have to give him my address.
Why would he come when he knew already in November of 2022 that I had been openly declaring him a liar?
He came because it was a last ditch effort because nobody that was doing what he would do would come and show up unless he really wasn't doing it, right?
We'll talk behind the scenes and everything will be fine.
And we didn't talk about anything to do with COVID at all.
He was scared shitless.
Scared of the people in the bar, scared of sitting with me.
And then he went right on to performing the role that they wanted him to perform.
That Steve Kirsch actually offered to send me to Japan to do the experiments on the mice with him.
And I have the text messages to prove it, Steve.
I might even have a voicemail message from you about that, which is really unfortunate for you.
And so Kevin McKernan was essentially forced to become this public.
He could have just been behind the scenes telling everybody the right way to describe the DNA contamination and the script to follow over the last five years, but he had to step up because actually,
There's nobody else who can actually stick to the script besides him and Robert Malone.
It's too over the top.
It's too over the head of Jessica Rose.
In fact, if she understood it, she might not have the guts to do it.
If some of these people understood what they were up to and how many lies they were propagating, they might not have the guts to do it.
I don't think John Bodwin knows how awful a liar this is from a biological perspective.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have the gall to do what he's doing.
to stand behind these traitors to our grandchildren.
I mean, this guy's worth millions of dollars, so he can afford a lawyer if this is bullshit.
It's not bullshit.
He's lying.
He's lying about the fact that this RNA can be found, it can be sequenced, and it can be put in cells and recapitulate disease.
He chose those words like a lawyer did.
And he chose these words like an idiot, like a guy on a script, a script that was already planned out years ago when a shoe salesman turned Excel sheet user became the co-host of Kevin McCarron's podcast for a year.
And they focused most of their energy on me.
Not on the biology, just me.
And you know, it's a bioweapon and it's the spike protein and it's the most contagious virus ever.
They put a gain of function ban on funding here in the States.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what- Funny that Obama did that was also something that they said with Addy Adds and Kevin McCarron.
It's all the same beats five years later.
Maybe they were gonna have Kevin McCarren do it all along, but because of me, they're having this guy do it.
I don't know.
Could be.
Because we are seriously kicking their ass right now.
It's just that nobody can see it because social media is a military social control platform.
It's not a spontaneous algorithm where good ideas rise to the top.
Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught
the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-see-um technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
And so then he's going to mention a commercial process called Golden Gate Assembly, which then actually admits that the no-see-um technique is actually bullshit.
It's just standard molecular biology.
And whenever you make a biologic, you try to have the sequence be the sequence that you want.
And there is a whole suite of restriction enzymes that make that possible.
There's a whole industry based on selling those restriction enzymes to all of the labs in the world.
There's a whole industry selling plasmids with SV40 as a site of origin all around the world.
And yet this guy is telling you a story that the SV40 that we're finding in the world is exclusively from Pfizer.
When in reality, there's SV40 at every major university on earth because molecular biologists use it in their experiments all the time.
And so they could also have SB40 in their gut just because they didn't wear gloves all the time or they inhaled it.
It might not be hurting them at all.
It might be detectable by PCR, but who gives a shit?
Unless you're trying to tell a mythological story about the origin of cancer and Mary's monkey, which is of course what they're doing.
because they're telling you a detailed, ridiculous mythology to hide the fact that intramuscular injection is not a valid methodology in medicine, that virology is not a valid science in molecular biology, and most importantly, public health is never a valid reason.
It's a it's a ligation technique that that uses a golden gate assembly That is it's it's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it.
That's just bullshit And that's all they've ever had is these guys This is the evidence this is like a week ago He's still busy with this nonsense that I'm gonna be a a Netflix original special seriously
This guy is only relevant as a landmark because he essentially condemns Steve Kirsch, Robert Malone, Jessica Rose, Meryl Nass.
He condemns Kevin McKernan as an obvious traitor.
There's no other way that this guy is being allowed and promoted on Steve Kirsch's Vaccine Research Safety Council unless this is just all part of one script.
One script where they would say Barrick is the bad guy, he taught them how to make it, that they would say that it's a no-see-um technology, so obviously it was Barrick.
They would say that Rick C. was the diffuse proposal guy and helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and McCairn exposed the spike protein as being amyloidogenic, and these people came to my frickin' house.
The diffuse proposal had no evaluation.
So the DoD didn't say, oh my gosh, you can't do that.
That's dangerous.
There were no predicted leaks, even though that's what he says.
The diffuse proposal as being done is actually one of the six quotes that are in here for me.
It's probably the reason why they put me in the book.
And now here he is repeating it and promoting Rixie and pretending like I never existed.
This whole argument that he makes about the spike protein in the virus is based on you accepting that sequence base for base.
There can be no errors in it, otherwise the furin cleavage site might not be as cool as it is.
The Staphylococcus enterotoxin B overlap might not be as cool as it is.
The HIV inserts wouldn't be HIV inserts anymore unless you accept the exact sequence
that he says you have to accept.
And that exact sequence is what James Lyons Weiler was crying about.
Also in February of 2020, as early as Kevin McCairn was streaming with Paul Cottrell and these other meddlers from the George Webb team.
It's all one team.
That's why George Webb was on 60 Minutes.
That's why fricking Robert Malone gave a link to that 60 Minutes in his sub stack because it's all one orchestrated show.
That's also what Whitney Webb is with her Man in Wuhan article.
and Robert Malone plugging Whitney Webb as being a good source.
Whitney Webb is on Robert Malone's team.
That's why she showed up at the inaugural CHD conference along with all of them.
They were all there.
And the same thing that they did to me, they do to Mary Tyler Bowden.
And the way they do it is that what you don't understand, if you're not savvy with how podcast enchantment works, is that two or more of the people on the podcast are lying in concert.
And more importantly, pretending to be opposite each other.
You know, if you got into a car with three people as a hitchhiker and they wanted to murder you, the way that they would do it, the best way that they would do it is the person in the back seat would pretend to tell you something about the people in the front seat that they're lying to you.
And so, you know, we've got to work together against them.
I'm also kidnapped.
And then when you get out at the truck stop, you follow that girl over to the back of the back of the place and then she shoots you.
And all the while you thought, wow, she's saving me.
She's taking care of me.
And in this podcast, I can guarantee you, this schmo doesn't know what's going on.
He's just gotta, in case we get off target, make sure you get us on this list and he's happy to do it.
She doesn't know what's going on because what's happening is Dr., Dr., what is his name?
Crose, Crouse, Cray?
This guy and this guy are pretending to fight.
and pretending to oppose each other.
And what that action does is it makes her believe the assumptions that are underneath it.
And they tried to do that with me over and over and over again, with Zoom meeting group after Zoom meeting group, from the Signal Chat with Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and Matt Crawford and Alexandros Marinos and Heather Haying.
to the Steve Kerr steering committee, to the book writing committee of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book, Wuhan Cover-Up.
They were all intelligence operations of some kind or another trying to get me to give up what I knew, and more importantly, to put me back on their narrative, or to put people in front of me who would keep everybody else on narrative on social media.
And so it feels like I'm fighting the empire when I'm on social media with all my snarky tweets until I realize that no one else can see them.
They see Jack.
They see Callie.
They even see Mary because Mary has been bamboozled.
She's been bamboozled.
is to reseat experts that have been wrongly persecuted.
The reason I came here is to tell people the whole story.
I never imagined that what happened to me would happen.
They targeted me to set an example.
We can't put the military complex and bioweapons and testing and big pharma in front of the American family anymore.
I'm tired of it.
I'm sick of it.
It also happens in medical school training.
So it enforces compliance.
You become part of the apparatchik.
I'm proud to sit at a table with two other physicians that get it.
Two other physicians that get it.
And what in reality is happening again is that Mary Talley Bowden is made a useful idiot because he and Andrew Wakefield both know that Andrew Wakefield is a bullshit artist intelligence agent from the UK who's been working the same shtick over here with Polly Tommy and Children's Health Defense and it's made him rich.
And he wants in on it too.
He wants to be part of this fake health freedom movement that's making people rich by social media exposure and donations from monkeys.
They're totally fine with that.
I guess it's possible that he could just be naive, but it's not.
And not what I heard in that podcast with Mary Talley Bowden.
And so I suspect we'll hear the same thing here if we were to allow it to play.
I'm Nicole Shanahan, and welcome to the Council of the Canceled, where free speech prevails.
Today, we bring together a group of prominent experts who share one thing in common.
Their work has been censored and their integrity questioned, all because their findings challenge the status quo.
Together, we can shed new light on their perspectives and learn from their insights, no matter how inconvenient they may be to those who wish to silence their voices.
Well, hi, everybody.
Thanks for joining us for the second Council of the Canceled.
We're here in Dallas, Texas today with three of my favorite people in the whole wide world.
And I just want to remind everyone why we're doing these.
There are so many wrongly canceled experts across the United States and across the world right now.
And these are qualified experts, predominantly in the medical field, that have been turned into heretics by our government because they are speaking truths.
They are speaking certain truths that cause us to bring into question
the public health narratives that are fed to us every single day in every channel you can imagine.
Across our personal lives, we hear them at the dinner table, the media's feeding us these narratives, our school systems, our workplaces.
It's penetrated every aspect of life.
And there are very, very few doctors out there that are brave enough to look at their patient population and see that the narratives are wrong.
And so we're here today with three of the best.
And the goal of the council is to reseat experts that have been wrongly persecuted.
And it's really important, I think, to hear these stories.
These are not radical ideas.
This is how science works.
It's how it's always worked.
It is designed to be empirical at first, and then further investigated.
And without that debate and investigation, we can't evolve as a society.
And so
Here we are in the second council.
And the goal is to think about medicine differently.
And one way to do that is to decentralize it, to turn it into a decentralized, multinodal aggregation of experts that can come together, reach across different practices, and have a open debate and open forum on how to progress the field of science.
So thank you so much Dr. Wakefield, Dr. Cruz, and Dr. Bowden for joining me today.
I'm going to start with introducing Dr. Wakefield, Andy.
Your name is one of the biggest names in autism and it is the name that has been
tied to don't you dare ever criticize vaccines for autism, because if you do, you will be disgraced for the remainder of your lifetime.
That's the goal.
That's the narrative.
That's what I was told as a mother of a child diagnosed with autism, that if I dare look at the MMR vaccine,
I will be treated as Andy Wakefield was treated.
I will be denounced.
I'll be criticized.
I'll be told I'm crazy.
I'll be labeled an anti-vaxxer and a dangerous person.
It's been nearly 30 years since you published the Lancet article showing gut inflammation in a patient population that had come to you when you were working.
And so recycling that narrative from the UK to the United States started with Tony Lyons and Skyhorse Publishing publishing Andrew Wakefield's books.
and also the Jesse Ventura book where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would run as an independent and then join up with somebody who would win.
And then that person would get shot, then Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would save the United States, I guess.
So, yeah.
As a surgeon and a doctor in London.
And sitting next to you, I have to say, I never thought I would be here.
today with you because the stories are so forbidden and giving them any credibility has not been allowed.
But we live in a different world now.
I believe it's time for you to be reseated.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
I'd just love to hear from you.
It's been almost 30 years.
She really is going to cry.
It's been almost 30 years and you people haven't accomplished shit.
It's been almost 30 years and this sabotage is still going on where the messaging hasn't progressed beyond health freedom, beyond rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, and courage over fear.
They haven't made one iota of progress in explaining, you know, prioritizing the poisoning of our children and ending it.
They haven't made any progress.
It's been 30 years.
And before we went live, you said, we're winning.
How are we winning?
OK, well, firstly, I was an entirely mainstream, whatever that means.
I was a mainstream gastroenterologist, an academic working at the Royal Free Hospital in the University of London.
I had a big research team looking at- We could do this, but I'm not going to.
It's been a circus.
And basically- Government.
and people, the biggest nuclear.
I view you as a polymath in human biochemistry and probably one of the most outspoken in the world of biochemistry and electrochemistry.
And I would love to hear your take on what's going on.
Andy was canceled because he challenged the global world order of the industrial military complex.
Big Pharma sits.
So what's the global order?
What does that mean?
Does he is going to tell us that that intramuscular injection is a myth?
It's a it's a it's a crime.
And so they have to make up this huge apparatus that controls a narrative that justifies it.
Are they is he going to do that?
Of course not.
The people in power are powerful.
The people in power are bad.
The people in power are powerful, and we should be sure that we know that they have power.
And I just want to fight the power.
At the right hand, what we call the Cantillion effect.
The reason why they're important and the reason why they're given this spot is
The Department of Defense was the distributor of this pharmaceutical.
That's COVID.
So let's get it straight.
Big Pharma was the drug dealers for the government.
Okay?
And here's the key point.
The key point is the government... And this is a good point that Mark Kulak makes a lot.
It's not about boats.
It's not about yachts.
It's not about bonuses.
It's not about money.
It is about teaching your children a myth about public health as a reason, about virology as a science, about intramuscular injection as a methodology.
And if you do that, your children will be enslaved.
That's what this is about.
And if this guy is so
incompetent not to understand that, then maybe he is unwittingly involved.
But I think this guy's been given a script and he's happy to read it because he knows it's gonna get him on, you know, he's gonna get a lot of Bitcoin or some shit.
they're doing to Mary.
Andy is a global problem.
She's a state and local problem.
What you need to understand is the way this Cantillian effect works.
When you understand the history pre-Andy, when you understand what happened with the Bayh-Dolak, when you understand what happened with the vaccine law, when you understand that Reagan put Fauci in,
when you understand that the government was learning how to deal with big piles of money in collections.
So it's about murder.
It's not about murder for him, right?
He's going to say it's murder the wrong way.
He's not going to say it's the population pyramid and the managing of it.
He's not going to say it's the conversion of sovereign people to experimental animal status.
He's not going to say that they're getting you to teach your kids bullshit.
He's going to tell you that the bad guys are bad and they're very powerful and they have very bad plans.
They began to realize that they can control the narrative.
That began all the way back in the 40s and 50s with General Groves.
Yes, controlling the narrative, controlling the narrative, controlling the narrative, but he's not telling you the truth about that.
The truth would be the Manhattan Project.
The truth would be using x-rays to mutate things and accelerate evolution.
The truth would be talking about
the future, a man and his future, and what Huxley and Lederberg and Muller wrote about in that conference.
It would be talking about the real plan to take over the evolution of the species and where the Human Genome Project is in terms of this, quote unquote, completion.
But he's not going to tell you any of that, even though he's like a polymath in chemistry and molecular biology and stuff.
when they didn't want the media in war, in theater, because they found it was bad for business.
So what did they do in the 60s and 70s?
Through several programs, you know, that Bobby's talked about extensively, they realized that they could co-opt the media.
So they've done it in different ways through different programs.
They co-opted science.
They co-opted biology.
They took a bunch of physicists from the Manhattan Project and made them into geneticists.
That's what this book is all about.
That physics and chemistry can explain life, and so it's up to physicists to figure it out.
And once the Manhattan Project was over, those guys didn't have shit to do.
And they still wanted to discover stuff, but there's nothing to discover in physics, so they all went into genetics.
This is the hard truth.
They took over science.
They took over the myths of biology and made it center around determinism and this concept of a gene before they had any idea of what would need to be encoded in order to have a trajectory across time.
They don't care.
The government, but what they do with science.
What they did with science is they basically came up with a plan to use Big Pharma to allow them to pay media companies so that the media companies can be used as propaganda arms for mandates that the government want to go through.
Now the key in this whole process, your question, was why do they want to do that?
That is probably the biggest nuclear question because I think that goes to the heart of the matter.
The heart of the matter is that this fundamentally started out as a bioweapons program.
Hey, Phila, if you're listening to the show, can you bring me the book that's at the bed?
The Phages and Molecular Biology book, only if you're listening, or if Keir is listening, he could bring it.
I started all the way back with the polio vaccine.
And that's a story that begins in 1951.
So I think this is blowing everybody's mind.
Oh, blowing my mind.
It's just blowing my mind.
It's blowing my mind.
I can't believe it.
And I want to get there because when people hear, well, you know, maybe Andy was
attacked for his Lancet study because they didn't want people questioning the safety of vaccines because vaccines help more people than they hurt.
So just to respond to Mark in the chat, it's almost two o'clock.
I should probably cut it short.
I wanted to show you that I'm reading this book called Phages and the Origin of Molecular Biology.
And Mark said that Leo Slazard, who first thought of a nuke, founded the Salk Institute and
This is the book that I'm reading with my kids when we have reading time.
And I just wanted to show you that Mark's not crazy.
I gotta go back a little ways because I'm pretty far ahead now in this book.
I can't remember which.
It's an early chapter.
But it's a guy who studied with
Lazard I gotta I can't even say the guy's name Sorry, I gotta I want to find it because it's cool Because they tell the story shit I can't find it now, but they tell the story of how Leo Szilard or Lazard or whatever his name is Decided to become a biologist.
I think it's the one before this page this chapter
Is this it?
Shoot.
I'm really sorry for this little delay at the end here, but you know, you can tolerate me.
I can't find the page that I read a long time ago.
Leo... where is it?
Anyway, I can show it to you tomorrow when I find it again.
I think it was right here.
But they talk about how he decided and how they decided to convert to biology because there were still fundamental laws to be found there.
Darn it!
I'm going through the whole freaking book to try and find it now.
It's just nuts.
It's really nuts.
But this person that wrote the chapter that I'm thinking of got invited
to go to the University of Chicago and work on biology, phage biology, phage biology with this guy that Mark mentioned.
Why can't I find it now?
Have I read so far?
Oh, yes, I did read so far.
There it is.
Wow, crazy.
I read so far.
I had to go all the way.
I really thought it was much earlier in the read.
So here, here, here, and here.
No.
Oh no, sorry, here.
This is the chapter by Aaron Novick, and it's called Phenotype Mixing.
And the discovery of phenotype mixing related to bacteria vices was a wonderful introduction to biology for Leo Szilard and me.
What could be more appropriate for a physics and a chemist to want to become biologists than to find a virus that can change its spots?
And so they
Leo Szilard was a legendary figure even among many legendary figures associated with the project.
He preferred the company of younger men and blah blah blah.
It's funny, they mentioned we were both impressed with Joshua Lederberg and the impressions of his two-year-old discovery of genetic recombination in bacteria.
They tried to replicate some of his experiments and did so, but then as they were replicating his experiments, a paper came out where their experiments that they were doing was just a table in Lederberg's paper.
So they never published it.
That's also in this chapter.
And so they do a bunch of stuff with irradiated phages, which is also really cool.
So anyway, Mark's not a crazy guy.
And actually, you can find a lot of confirmation of the people maps that he's making, the connections that he's making in books, like real live books that you can buy for like $10 on eBay.
So, um,
I don't know what to tell you guys, but I'm kicking some ass and taking some names.
But do a hard stop for a minute.
I'm going to interrupt you on this.
That's a ridiculous statement.
Why?
When you have complete immunity, you're a lawyer.
What do they care what Andy says?
If you have complete immunity?
It's true.
The 1986 Vaccine Immunity Act means that someone... The 1986 Vaccine Act only predicts the things on the schedule.
So the COVID vaccine is not relevant to this discussion.
In fact, the PrEP Act is relevant to this discussion.
And in reference to the PrEP Act, it is very, very simple.
If you have a lawyer friend, you can test this on the lawyer friend.
The PREP Act is unconstitutional because it allows an unelected official to declare an emergency, suspending fundamental rights on the basis of what is called the rational basis test alone.
The rational basis test is a legal principle that any lawyer worth their salt would understand.
And it is not a sufficient basis for suspending the fundamental rights of American citizens.
That's what the PREP Act allows the Health and Human Services Secretary, currently my former employer, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to do on the rational basis test alone, which is just a hunch, a feeling.
I think it's a good idea, is enough.
There's no list of criteria.
There's no minimum danger.
There's nothing like that.
And then no estimation of why or what, nothing, just on the whim of this unelected official.
That makes it unconstitutional because there is a principle in American law that fundamental rights cannot be suspended unless the government is held to strict scrutiny.
And what that means is they have to have a list of
previously determined reasons to do it.
And those don't exist in the PrEP Act.
And so Aaron Seery, and apparently this lawyer, and Mary Holland, and Bobby Ann Cox, and this Mendel Hall guy from the Brownstone Institute, these people are all full of shit.
because I, as a non-lawyer, have already been able to read enough books to figure it out.
And this goes back to Federalist Society principles, like University of Chicago principles, so I'm not a crazy person.
And again, any lawyer worth their salt would understand what that means, that the government cannot suspend fundamental rights without being held to strict scrutiny.
And there's no strict scrutiny required in the PREP Act.
So the fricking law could be struck as unconstitutional by one federal judge upon challenge.
That's it.
It just takes one case.
And I would argue that all of these lawyers, save maybe Rolf Hazelhurst, have known this since the very beginning.
And that's why they're there.
Mary Holland is probably not even a real lawyer.
She's probably got more knowledge about Russian law than she does American law.
Otherwise, it too would be very simple for her.
It's an L1 lawyer problem.
This is not advanced, you know, Harvard or Yale law review shit here.
So they are declaring openly that they are either wholly incompetent or actively working against us because you could teach that to your children in a few minutes.
I can't ground you in your bedroom without dinner, without a very good reason.
And that very good reason is strict scrutiny.
And it shouldn't be just because I feel like it.
Now, take it a little bit further.
I would like to give you a spanking.
Right?
I want to slap you around as a parent and I have no good reason for it.
The government has to have a very good reason to tell you to stay in your house or to put you in jail or to, as Alan Dershowitz says, decide to mandatorily intramuscularly inject a combination of substances because it's good for society.
And these people are nowhere near
talking about that fundamental idea, nowhere near it.
The only way else they're nowhere near, talking about how without PCR, this entire illusion would not be possible.
And PCR is still going on as a diagnostic in next generation technologies that have gone, that are diagnosing everything.
And this woman has been advocating for more diagnostics, more precision diagnostics that pediatricians don't use.
all one malevolent show.
That's why her objection to Casey Means and their harvesting of Fitbit information is just dumb.
It's for all the marbles and she knows it.
Like Andy should be allowed to speak.
I mean, the commercial interests of the vaccine manufacturers is protected.
Why should they care?
That's a good point.
Right and guess what?
Now, we get to the
Ladies and gentlemen, it's very simple.
Autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make intramuscular injection is never questioned, make sure of it.
That virology is never questioned as a science, that public health is never questioned as a reason.
And in fact, gain-of-function research and pandemics are also used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
That's the trap that we are being run into by these people.
We are being run into that trap by anonymous actors on the same team on social media.
That's why for a brief period of time, the traitor to our children, Jikki Leaks, absorbed some of my ideas, but ultimately turned against me too.
It's the same reason why these people... I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey.
That's why these people got together to have a stream to discuss my ideas, but not really, while I was working for CHD, because it was an elaborate illusion.
just like what they did to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for his whole life.
They put groups of these people on you.
That's what- That's- Consistence, and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
That's why in 2021, I was in a Signal chat with the Weinsteins.
You know, Heather and Brett, along with Matt Crawford and Alex, Alexandros Marinos and Chris Martinson, talking about how transfection would cause autoimmunity and it wasn't appropriate for anyone.
And they ignored it for four years.
They stood in front of me for four years.
They didn't share any of it for four years.
only occasionally saying my name on their stream or some other person's stream, but just my name and not very loud, and certainly not with a website or that I was doing anything.
Insistence, and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Unfortunately for Heather, she's not really read in, I don't think.
That's why she blew it when she said that, my insistence.
I had been insisting since 2021, when I wrote a review
with somebody who then hooked me up with Bret Weinstein after the review was done, but was probably sharing the review with Bret Weinstein the whole time as we wrote it.
And her name is Piper Stover, who spent 10 years in China before probably playing some intelligence agent role with me at the beginning of 2021, when she encouraged me to write my stuff down so she could get it in a newspaper.
Then I got handed off, then I got handed off to these clowns for a year.
And then at some point they drove me out and pretended that Matt Crawford was leaving with me.
And I was on a Bitcoin chat with Matt Crawford during Omicron for a little while, while he misrepresented me there and everywhere else with Jessica Rose on the Tommy podcast.
Then I got hired by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and I was busy with the book for a year and a half or a year thinking that I was fighting against Rixey and that Rixey getting fired was real when it wasn't.
And then I got hired by CHD afterward and they told me to mind my own business.
We're building a big top tent of health freedom.
Here's $100,000 a year.
Now why don't you go to these doctor's offices and see if you can organize their medical records and make a paper out of it.
Call us when you're done.
No show for you, no interview for you, no nothing.
Just you be a staff scientist behind Brian Hooker and do stuff.
It won't go anywhere.
And the Weinsteins.
Insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than the vaccine.
That's why all of this stuff exists.
We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
I see this book as exactly what Brian decided to do.
If I would have gone along with this book, I would probably be on podcasts with Mary Talley Bowden and with Jack Kraus, and it would all be the same bullshit.
Lab leak, it's a cover up, yada, yada, yada.
just like he went along with saying autism for another 10 years.
He was neurologically damaged, in condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Until in 2023, Skyhorse finally published a book that they never sell.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
Like binoculars, this statement and listening to its meaning, understanding its meaning and its significance in 2013,
its significance relative to the history of Brandy Vaughn, its significance relative to the history of the messaging of CHD changed my perspective like binoculars can change your perspective on the physical world.
This changed my perspective on this illusion of consensus and all of these actors, all of these phenomenon doors to freedom, Brownstone Institute, World Council for Health,
It's all an elaborate illusion.
Brian Hooker sold out two years ago.
And whether he likes it or not, that's where we are.
He's part of this illusion.
Isolation and purification.
It's the same illusion.
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by, um, um,
finding the virus which causes a disease.
It's all the same illusion.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it.
Kevin McKernan descends directly from the same line of mentors that Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits descend from.
This line of mentors.
Depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Gallo, Gardner.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
All of them.
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so.
So if Kevin McKernan- Why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
If Kevin McKernan is going on big podcasts to say bullshit like this, is it not gonna play?
You demon.
Yeah, it didn't play, shoot.
If he's going on big podcasts to say stuff like this.
I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
Now this is no different than Brian Hooker saying that autism does exist, we can diagnose it, sometimes you can treat it, and it's definitely caused by vaccines when they're given in combination when you have Tylenol or a fever or ear infection.
It's definitely from the cytokines though.
It's not from the aluminum.
The aluminum would be different according to Peter McCullough.
And you know, really, if we learn to, as Peter McCullough said, if we learn to manage febrile seizures better, maybe this whole problem would go away too.
And you know, the transgender thing, that's also autistic kids, according to Peter McCullough.
So we're going down to a shithole very quick.
We're spiraling down the drain very quick with this,
with this fake anti-vax movement.
And whether Brian Hooker has got the balls and the principles to finally pull his head out doesn't matter.
We have to pull our own families out.
We have to pull our country out.
We have to pull the people on the left out.
We have to pull the people on the right out because we both, everybody's got their head in the same hole.
The hole was dug in the Manhattan Project.
The hole was dug deeper at 9-11.
The hole was dug even deeper with the coronavirus pandemic.
So anyway, this has been GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
These people were all put in place.
That's why you can see them for what they are.
This laughter, this misleading, I don't know if these are repeating or what.
Did I start over?
I had to start over, yeah.
It's murder and lies for what, right?
And if you looked at where these guys were doing their podcasts and when they were doing their podcasts, it's actually kind of gross.
because you can see that this Marty McCarty guy was always auditioning, that even ZDogg was auditioning, that Vinay Prasad was auditioning, that Jay Bhattacharya was auditioning.
They were all auditioning because why?
How can you tell?
Well, because after the murder is over, he stops working.
After the murder's over, they just kind of stop working until there's an FDA appointment to be had.
Well, then I got to get my,
you know, warm up my narrative chops here, make sure I can speak to multiple people about it.
Get ready, because the track record reveals it.
If you look at my track record, it's very different.
If you look at Robert Malone's track record, it's very different.
If you look at Kevin McCairn's track record, it's got an awful lot of thumbnails with me in it.
If you look at Charles Rixey's track record during the pandemic, it's got a lot of Kevin McCairn in it.
If you look at Kevin McKernan's,
work as a podcast guest during the pandemic, there's no way to see it any other way.
It would come out just like this.
While the Murder and Lies was going on, he was doing podcasts all over the world.
And then it probably stopped for a year until they needed to queue up the DNA and then they started again.
And you would see a gap just like that because they ran out the clock.
And during that 2023
Gap is when Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and the traitor to American children, Jessica Hockett from Chicago, pulled their con on me for a year, tried to get me to write a virology review with those assholes.
and then abruptly broke off all contact, blocked me and pretended I didn't exist and continue to write that shitty substack using my ideas.
Jessica Hockett, this one right down here, is one of the worst people in this narrative because she misled me.
I don't like her because she misled me, tried to mislead my family and interfered with my family's ability to pass on the truth to our children.
And that is some malevolent shit.
But that's no different than what Sasha Latapova has done.
It's no different than what George Webb and Paul Cuttrell and Kevin McCarran and Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig and Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone have done.
Robert Malone is probably the guy who knows that Bruce Ivins is innocent.
Of course, Steve Hatfield knows that Bruce Ivins is innocent too.
And all of these people know that Brandi was right and they don't give a shit that she was murdered because it would get in the way of their grift.
The grift that's been going on since she was running an operation in the UK, excuse me, with Andrew Wakefield.
And that's why this lady is now in front of us.
Not Brandy, but that lady went on Joe Rogan and didn't really say anything useful other than cinnamon has vitamin C in it.
That's because this is part of the Human Genome Project, this illusion of consensus about a novel virus that PCR can test for that millions of people were infected by and is still circulating now.
This illusion of consensus is part of the Human Genome Project that has seamlessly allowed the establishment of PCR as a diagnostic.
And PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud.
And they have been putting in place people since at least Reagan, but of course it goes back much farther with this in mind, with the Human Genome Project as a national security priority.
And that's why Andrew Wakefield is being promoted all over the place now, because he is central to this narrative.
His failure should be central to its collapse.
But unfortunately, these people create an illusion of consensus that it's not a failure.
It's 30 years of fighting.
That's why these people put this guy in front of you and why this guy is intimately attached to bringing all of these people in front of us in the year later.
That's why these people are tied to him because he is a direct link to this fake health freedom movement at the heart of which are Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and James Lyons Weiler and Mary Holland.
Mary Holland really should have a very big picture on this, but I just dislike her so much that I don't put her picture on here.
But these three, they have no excuse for not talking about the murder and lies in America that could have been avoided.
but were instead used, sculpting an expected rise in all cause mortality in America into something that could be misconstrued as a crisis.
They're not going to tell you that just not using antibiotics for a viral pneumonia was murder.
None of them have said that.
None of them have said that pure oxygen is not a therapeutic.
None of them have pointed out that Pierre Cory was a witness for George Floyd on the suffocation side, and also a guy who seeded the narrative about pole socks and about supplementary oxygen.
And none of them question PCR as a diagnostic tool.
They are literally actually just letting it go on and be established as a diagnostic tool, accepted and not regulated by the FDA, which should be regulating each one as a separate medical device.
But of course, since Marty Makary's in place, that guy doesn't give a shit.
He's there on purpose, just like these people were put there on purpose.
And the list of ways that I can discredit them now is kind of absurd.
The ways that they all seem to just discredit themselves over the last five years is just absurd.
And unfortunately, I'm stuck in the middle of these jackasses because it's a fake anti-vax movement.
It's for all the children of earth and I've got children.
I lost my best friend, Nathan, to this because I couldn't figure it out quick enough.
That I was bamboozled by all these people into thinking there was a lab leak that I was fighting for and that I was a hero for having spoken out about.
And I believed that for a long time because it's a very, very, very enticing narrative to believe you're a hero.
Now I just believe I was duped.
And I'm pissed, but it's okay because you were duped by them too.
Because back then in 2013, Brian didn't call it autism.
And in 2021, Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying knew that it was transfection and they purposely didn't use the word.
They admitted it in 2024.
And Kevin McKernan is now saying that the RNA is real and it can recapitulate disease on podcasts because they need to combat and stick to the lie.
They need to combat the truth.
They need the spectacular commitment to continue.
And it will continue because they are committed to the bad biology.
Bad biology 101 is what we are trying to fight.
And we'll get to it.
I promise we are gonna get to it, ladies and gentlemen.
Injection versus ingestion is a hint.
But it's really a symbiosis between you and a bouquet of bacteria.
And it's that symbiosis and interaction with your immune system that all of these people have used against you, have lied about it, given you a super dumb, simple explanation for immunity.
And it's all because the Human Genome Project has just begun.
and so they're controlling your consciousness using your acquiescence to social media so get off of it and start sharing via email again because it was just murder and lies and the only reason why there might be any excuse for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is because these jackasses have been working really hard for a really long time ladies and gentlemen they misconstrued spread of a background signal
It's not real.
And you can see right through it because it's non-specific PCR test.
That's all it is.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
Placebos made it safe using their tests to find their ghost.
Doesn't make their ghost real, nor does it make you a Ghostbuster.
Thanks for being here, guys.
Thanks, thanks, thanks.
from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
Thank you very much, guys.
See you again tomorrow.